
September 27, 1981

Dear Evelyn, Joyce and Virgil,

Thank you for your letters. 1. Are you getting any rain?  We received nearly ¾, (I mean over) of an inch last night.  Yesterday was supposed to be sunshine and a good day to scrub up, dry and put away the lawn swing paraphernalia, but instead of drying the stuff got rinsed.  John painted his barn doors and had to move them in the barn to dry.

Ellen and Bill left Anne, Matt and Lynn with us 24 hrs. (Irene had the other three) while they went to Port Townsend on an Elder's Quorum outing.  We got along just fine except Anne beat me at Boggle and hard pressed me at Scrabble. Plain embarrassing!  I need some practice. She's only 12 yrs old.

Yesterday, Keith brought John a load of cow manure, but maybe he'll have plenty. John calls it gold and will be happy to add it to his compost pile.

Ken brought an old cedar log about 4 ft long that John admired, and a pail of ripening tomatoes plus two crooked neck squash. He was on his way to Keith's where he would cut firewood.

After I gave my consent to it, John lost no time in cutting down the two quaking asp that I moved from Woody Mountain, maybe 15 years ago. They never would quake, never would turn yellow, never had white bark, but they did put up shoots all over John's garden.

Ellen came Tuesday, at noon to help me with the red beet harvest, for a share of them. I tell you the beet juice flew, reminded me of Aunt Em. In no time we had 42 pints through the pressure cooker. We pickled most of them. I ate our last quart of apricots and they were surely good. Hope to get some to can next summer. Fresh ones are scarce and high priced, and are in the stores only a day or two.

Can't pedal the bike and listen to Sena's records. They require a speed of 8 on the record player; our lowest is 16. Heard a TV critic moaning about the low quality of television coming up. He seems to equate sex with quality. I guess the moral majority scared television producers into cleaning up their shows, a little. Still plenty of violence, though.

One more Visit Teaching lesson behind me. I told them if we'd relax and enjoy life more, Mormonism would be a lot ore attractive to people.

Beth and little children visited us, Wednesday afternoon. She had to report for work two hours of that time. I don't know how she gets along so well without sleep. John helped Rodney put windows in his house, Tuesday. He said when Beth allows herself to pass out, she doesn’t hear the kids or anything.

The laboratory tests show that I'm just fine, not lacking in B12 or folic acid, anyway. Dr. Foley is experimenting no me. I take anti-inflammatory capsules 3 times a day. Reduce the number in 2 weeks, and after 6 weeks, I report to him.

Joyce and Evelyn, you aren't too good about answering my questions. 2. Do you really pass my letter to each other without delay? 3. Why do you need drapes, Joyce? Your house looks fine just the way it is.

Ellen, Irene and I, plus 5 ladies and gentlemen, plan to leave here November 2n,. We will leave your place the following Sunday. I'll try to delay that until Monday. Depends on your weather. If you are asking about center-pieces for the card tables, yes, I have one idea. I dug out the yellow-net heart things we used 14 years ago for Ellen's wedding. They'd have to be freshened up and redone a little. There are 7 of them. I'd be glad to bring them if you want them. Ellen says find out if Joyce wants them before you go to any work on them. Maybe you remember we used them on card tables. *4. Be sure to answer right away if you want them.

I think Inga and Fenton should have pretty much what they'd like at their wedding, if they can persuade people to prepare it. I'm sure Inga hasn't much time. That was nice of Jessie and Vera to offer to give Inga a shower. No, Inga doesn't need house keeping things, although something modern wouldn't hurt a thing, but she could surely use personal things – hose, slips, lotion, perfume, etc. I am making her a couple aprons out of gay, terry towels. Divorced people remarrying should, in good taste; play it down, but Inga and Fenton's wedding should be celebrated. We are all happy with them. It is nearly as important to share happiness as sorrow. I went to the bridal shower for Florence Nuttall when she married after 7 years of being a widow. We gave her a beautiful neglige and gown outfit. I hope someone gives Inga a shower. Thank goodness, a lot of old social practises have been tossed out. Why we women don't even have to dress in black, white and gray after we reach the age of forty, anymore. As for the centerpiece for the dinner at Grant church, some fresh flowers would be nice. If our mums are in blossom, I'll bring some. Or we could maybe bring a dried flower arrangement. 5. How lareg will the table be?

I'm sorry the dogs tangled with a porcupine. Having those quills pulled out must hurt like the dickens. 6. Do you have your cupboards well stocked for winter? I don’t feel that I do. Haven't let a thing go to waste; Mom would be proud of me. But I haven't even touched my main supply of empty jars.
We have only the cabbage and walnuts to harvest. Oh! There are a few apples, but we will bring our winter supply back from Okanogan when we go  hunting.

Well, Reagan is determined to prune out some dead wood, which is good. 7. Should he expect to continue extravagant living with his rich friends. While most of the people do without necessities? 8. Is it true he pays no income tax? 9. Please comment on the inclosed article from last night's paper. 10. Why in your address, Evelyn, is there Box 52 and -0052? Waste of ink, time and energy. 11. Evelyn, will you please come home with us November 8 or 9th and stay several weeks? Free fare one way. You are retired and can do as you please. You haven’t visited us for nearly two years. We'll work on the Life Histories (When we work) Pewwllllleeeeeeezzzz!
Love, 

	Alice

Hope everyone is well.

Will you answer the 11 questions?


