
December 6, 1981
Dear Family,

Thank you so much for your letters. Can you imagine Wednesday a letter from Joyce; Thursday, letters from Inga, Evelyn and Marjorie!! Surely was nice.

Yes, Joyce, I am thankful our children are all around us. I try to enjoy each day of it, for who know what tomorrow will bring. changes, for one thing. The kids won't leave this area unless they have to do it to earn a living. Wet and sloppy it is, but it's home.

Please send me Nils' address. Maybe Loraine will send me the words to the Santa Lucia song since I can't get Cecelia to do it.

Rodney had dinner with us Monday and then spent the night. We had a good visit by the fire the likes of which we haven't had for years. He told us all about his father-in-law's funeral. He hates having Beth work, but she says they must get money in the bank before she'll quit. Her mother has always worked, so Beth doesn't see too much wrong with that, but they are on tough schedules. Who is to do the house work when they are both tired? Rod appreciated my arising early to prepare his breakfast, pack a lunch and get him off to catch the 5 am ferry. He likes his fellow workers, likes his boss, hates the long hours of commuting.

Sena and I visited two of our sisters, but can't even catch one of them home to talk to on the telephone, let alone visit her. Oh! For the good old days when you had only to know on their door. If they weren't home, so much the better.

Ken was working and staying in Olympia all last week. We invited Irene to spend a night with us, so she came Thursday afternoon. We prepared a fried chicken dinner for Denis and Kathie and family to celebrate his selling a parcel of land for cash. Now they can put the septic system in their new house and a few other things. It was fun to have Irene and her 3 here. The boy is growing and healthy, jut wants to eat every two hours. The little girls are so cute and ornery. John and I went to see the house Keith just finished building for Bill who was doing it for a Filipino, Mr. Soriano. Soriano has been so ornery and ungenerous, making their job unpleasant many times. Mrs. Soriano would go through the house as they were working - “ugly, ugly” she would say. They stopped giving their best efforts long ago, Keith and Bill did. Then to Bill's surprise, when the last nail was pounded and the last I dotted Soriano says, “A fine job, Mr Davis, maybe you'll build some apartments for me in the spring.” Now why didn't he give them an encouraging word back there when it would have counted? Soriano has a lot to learn about human nature.

Next Saturday evening, I sing with the stake choir in a Christmas concert. Are you doing any singing, Virgil? We practiced Saturday afternoon 2 hours with our Stake Leader who came clear from Sequinn (The organist came from the other side of Port Angeles – can you imagine?) They made us work so hard, concentrate. I got a rare headache. Now if we don't forget what we learned before the next Saturday. Tuesday night, we practice. Friday night, we sing fun songs – Drummer Boy, Carol of the Bells – at the ward Christmas party.

Heard this on “The Four Girls” on the telly. Two drunks walking on the railroad track. One says, “this is a terrible long stair case.” the other says. “yup, and oh, these low banisters.”

We received your good letter Wednesday. Thank you for Cecelia's life story. I wish everyone, who should be in that Lindstrom History, would follow her example. 

And thank you for the Santa Lucia song!! so Joni is engaged to marry Kent (?) last name? In August. He'll probably turn out to be a great guy and they'll have a happy marriage. I've noticed that some of these men who look so promising prove to be disappointing and nice versus. What do you think, Evelyn?

Is there a deadline on your History of Lewisville, Joyce? The reason you are getting nervous?

Poor Ivan Harker. He was a fun – loving, young man, good company. Surely liked Inga, as I remember. What went wrong in his life? Did he have any children? 

What in the world is tri-chem?

It would be nice to add the George Skaar farm to Virgil's farm or to Kurt, I should say. Would it be large enough for him.? It wasn’t' for Uncle Gus. Maybe he could make it feeding cattle. Does he like that kind of work? If Mom n' Fop considered buying it when Uncle Gus was ready to sell, I know which one was for it and which one was against it. Fop should have purchased the Big Pasture when it was for sale, but Mom was against it. She could see her mistake alter. She was scared to death of mortgaging the farm and home. I am too. If you get ahead financially you have to take a chance, but many people have lost everything in a mortgage deal.

How would you get along living so close to each other, you and Kurt? Fop always got along with his brothers, but Mom felt he often put up with the short end of the stick. Seems to me that children in a family have to work at living peacefully together. It continues to their adulthood and gets harder as spouses are added to the family.

I hope you had a big birthday party for Kurt and Evelyn. Reaching 60 yrs is kind of hard; you need loved ones around you.

No, I did not write the letter to Inga, Evelyn. That was a wise decision too. Did you write to Annalee?

Kathie and Denis worked hard last week putting in their septic tank. To show you how times have changed. Three years ago, you put your order in for a septic tank and waited two months, your name on a long list. Kathie asked for one to be delivered then went to the lumber yard in Belfair for a couple things for Denis. On her return, a truck with the septic tank followed her up the driveway. Denis said to the driver “We aren't ready; just set it off.” The man said he'd wait and put it in the thole properly, nothing else to do. The badk hoe accidentally hit and punctured their water line and that of their neighbors so they had some extra work digging and clearing up that problem. Kathie works with a shovel alongside Denis.

Our Swag party was fun. Beth, Irene and Patty were here with 8 little ones underfoot. The 4 yr olds played house, bossing the 2 yr olds around. The yearlings or babies squalled, except for Irene's baby. He ate, slept and ate. We all made extra Christmas swags to give away. Decided we should have a swag party every year. I had a kettle of chili beans on the stove and let everyone serve their-self and kids in that crowded kitchen, littered with greens.

A cold bug got me. Had fun singing with the ward choir, Friday night, but Saturday – though I was counting on nose drops and pills to hide my cold, I thought the afternoon practice (2 ½ hrs) would never end.

My voice was cracking and getting croupy, and I was so glad to get home by the fire with a hot drink. They put on the Christmas concert without me, after all those weeks of practice and that's the way the mop flops.

When I gave in to my cold, it really blossomed. I had chills, head ache, croup, congestion and felt so miserable. I went to bed early. Have felt better ever since eating the good breakfast John prepared. No church for me today. Sena has the same misery. We probably got the germ last Sunday at church.

First thing John had to do this morning, was go to Irene's and give Ken a ride to his folks place so he could get his mother's car. (The Rabbit wouldn't start-- parents are in Arizona for the winter).  John said Eleanor and Kirsten squealed and hollered for him to get in and see their Christmas tree they put up last night. Irene is as excited about Christmas as a 6 yr old. She puts so much preparation into it, sewing gifts etc. I helped make the angel for the tree top, the angel's yarn hair and sequins on the red, velvet star. John, a year ago, made the stable for Irene's nativity scene. Irene and I made the corn husk characters.

My Christmas cactus is blossoming for the first time – so pretty. Wednesday, I prettied up a house plant and took it to Mae Stratton who is 86 yrs old and ailing. According to Sena, I made Mae feel a lot better by telling her she looked 16 yrs old. Well, it was a dark afternoon and my eyes aren't so good, but she doesn't have any wrinkles to speak of. Though she seldom has a visitor she keeps her hair and nails done up pretty. She could very well have cancer of the colon but she won't go to a doctor. Afraid to? Have to admit she's done pretty well without medical help. When she does go to a doctor, she tells him more than he tells her.

At homemaking meeting we had aour annual Christmas Carousel. We rotate around 5 different tables. At each one we are given materials, instructions, and 15 minutes to make something Christmasy. I came home with a hair clip, 2 different tree ornaments, knowledge of how to tie a perfect bow and to do holiday cooking. Her eis something you might like to try. Put whole cloves, cinnamon stick and allspice (or ground) in a little water on the heater. Soon the air is nice with a spicy aroma.

Kathy, Denis and four dropped in on us. They had been celebrating Elizabeth Silhawy's 67th birthday. Kathy's dad took them out to dinner at the Royal Fork.

It is dark here at 4 pm, and we are looking forward to the return of the sun after December 21st.

We are having Christmas supper (salads etc.) here on Christmas Day for the entire family with a little program and opening of gifts. Ellen invited us over there for brunch. Irene asked us to spend Christmas Eve with them. Evelyn, don't you want to join us?

I'll write again, or send it, a letter, in a couple weeks. I hope you are all well and able to have a happy holidays. Why worry about gifts just show a little love to each other, that's the main thing.

Love and smackers (kisses)

Alice
