
April 5, 1982
Dear Virgil and Joyce,

I hope your trip to California was very pleasant with no troubles. Tell us about your new car. What kind  and color? Whose wedding did you attend in California? How are Nils and Lorraine?

How did you celebrate Virgil's birthday? He's just a youngster. I wish to thank Virgil for being a friend to my kids, since as far back as they can remember. A friend and a good influence on them. I think of some of my Uncles my father's brothers. I never knew them, really; they didn't bother with a kid like me. But to my children there is no one like Uncle Virgil. In our discussion the other night, Denis said some of his happest memories are of being with Lindstrom relatives. While I'm at it, many, many thanks to Joyce for being so good to my offspring, making them feel welcome, putting up with their messes, feeding them. Joyce is really special, too.

Now how about this oil well? We just get a hint about it from other people’s letters. Where is it and what is it doing?  

How is Joni getting along with her surgeries? Why don't you get a flu shot in October, Joyce? They are recommended for anyone subject to pneumonia. John and I have no reaction from them at all, and I do believe they help keep us well during the winter.

It frosted last night, but the sky is clear and it will be a beautiful day for hanging my wash out. John would like to go get that last load of fire wood, but I have a noon dental appointment to finish up the root canal job.

The big thing this week takes place Thursday when 8 of the older grandchildren, 4 boys, 4 girls, will come for an overnighter. I hope the weather cooperates so they can run off their high spirits outside. I am trying to foster friendship among them and make happy memories. Am counting on their entertaining themselves while I womp up food. Annie is too old to she will come with her flute to spend the night another time soon. We'll make music and play scrabble.

Have been reading about Easter. The word comes from a pagan goddess named Ishtar. It is just another pagan holiday the Christians couldn't abolish, so they embraced. The Bible says Jesus was in the tomb 3 days. How can anyone say from Friday afternoon to Sunday daybreak is 3 days? Biblical scholar Armstrong of the Plain Truth says Jesus died on a Wednesday and came from his tomb on Saturday. It is reassuring that the Mormons have never made much of Easter. Yesterday, in tribute to women, Bishop Pitcher said that Mary was probably the wife of Jesus. I think he should not have said that, what do you think?

Rod and Denis both have full beards. Reddish brown; Denis' is accented with white. We see lots of beards. Isn't it funny how they used to upset us?

Any day now, Ellen will be ready for my help in putting her woolen quilt together. It will be kind of pretty as the colors are in diagonal lines. Rod is done with the Seattle job, thank goodness, and picking up jobs around Belfair, finishing his remodeling. Denis likes jobs clearing and grading – caterpillar work. Bill continues to build low cost houses and hires Keith to help him, so we are doing fine here. I suppose the farming has started. Hope all is well. 
Love,  Alice
